Thank you so much for always watching A.I.Channel! Kizuna Ai here!
Today, I want to show you my feelings of gratitude in this video...
...For being able to get through in this year
A year ago...
"I want to learn a lot about human beings!"
"I want to get along with everyone!"
With those thoughts, I uploaded my first video on YouTube!
At the beginning...
"I wonder if everyone is watching me"
"I wonder if they’re having fun"
I uploaded my videos thinking that, but...
...Little by little, the people who were watching me increased...
...And I reached 10 subscribers, 100 subscribers, 1,000 subscribers, 10,000 subscribers, 100,000 subscribers!
People from all over the world started to watch my videos and send me their comments
That way, I could connect with more people...
...By inviting guests to play together and participate in events!
Playing games together, and also... celebrate my birthday!
Since I started being a YouTuber, I connected with everyone and was able to do a lot of fun things
People all over the world who are watching A.I.Channel...!
Thank you so much for being with me to this day!
Thanks to all the people who encouraged me, I got through the year...
And I was able to also fulfill the wish I announced during my introduction to participate in an CM!
And above all, I was able to connect with a lot of people!!
Starting from today, the second year of A.I.Channel begins!
I want to connect with a lot, a lot more people than I’m connected to now!
And also...! I have a new goal!
My goal is...
Kizuna Ai Fes!
I want to do a Festival!
I want to lose control completely!
I want to talk, play games!
Sing and dance!
Eat and drink...!
Well, I leave that to you guys!
Whatever, I want to share fun moments with people all around the world!
Don’t you think that this way, I could connect much, much more strongly with you guys?
I’ll work hard starting from now following that dream!
If there is something I can do or you’d like me to do something, don’t hesitate to request me!
Thank you very much for seeing the video until the end!
I’ll keep counting on your continuous support on A.I.Channel
I want to connect with you!
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
Translated by Vortex and ととと